all right when you get your hand those
are D 3.5 mg it comes in a box
everything's included comes ups in the
box you'll get a filler box and then
here's the unit
and what we're going to need to do is
put the wheels and spikes together then
all right in the Box you have your
wheels two six inch casters and then you
have the full rope
you got your nuts and bolts then you
have your spikes and then the
instructions first off we'll cut the zip
tie on the tow hitch there you go we're
setting the depth of the spikes you can
go out in your yard and get a couple of
blocks like two by fours as you can see
right here they don't have to be pretty
we're going to just use them for the
height and then set them underneath each
corner of the implement like so and we
use those for a spacer then to set this
bike down placing your spikes and the
slots provided
look for the V bolt that's what we call
the V bolts and then we'll place those
we're gonna all right we're going to
place the V bolt in on the backside all
right we're gonna look for the 3/8
nighloks and then we're gonna start
putting those on
the rats the ratchet or the wrench that
you'll need for this is 9/16 to tighten
everything up so so the carriage bolt
goes in from behind then you put on the
washer and then you put on the night
lock all right the final phase in our
assembly is connecting the tow hitch the
tow hitch comes with a turnbuckle that's
used for adjusting the height and
adjusting the height of the hitch to the
vehicle and the depth of the spikes pull
the pin that's in the front this is
where the turnbuckle hooks into you're
gonna take the hitch and pull it over
the turnbuckle is going to go into the
spot right there where we took the pin
out and then place the pin back through
the hole then hook back in the pin and
always stick the pin all the way through
if you can that way you know you don't
lose them all right we have three
positions one and that's the most
aggressive position it makes the rake
more vertical and then to the second
position is a little less aggressive
this is the most common position that we
use and then number three number three
position is a little less vertical and
as more for smoothing and final grooming
besides the adjustment that we have the
three position adjustment we also have
two sides to our grading bar one you can
see what the grading serrated edge is
down and then we can turn it over and if
you also use the flat edge so if you
wanted a really smooth finish for
landscaping lawn or having a smooth
horse arena or other activities that you
wanted to use the flat edge you can use
either side also all right the other use
for traveling we have a bail pin and you
put that in the unit in the castor and
then that allows you to travel so that
it locks it locks it in place
when you're ready to use the machine
then you can take the Bale pin out and
then put the casters down and then you
can either lock it into position and
that would be if you weren't going to be
using the rope and you're just going to
drag in the use position we take the
Bale pin and put it in the front hole
and then lock it over and so they don't
fall over in the front position when
you're using it they'll just go
partially up and it keeps them from
buying you on the back bar a frequently
asked question is is the handles are
heavy enough to do my gravel driveway
that's 10-12 years old
well the handles are specifically made
with a racking system for a cinder block
we recommend two cinder blocks one with
that's empty and one with concrete added
to the middle and we put a rebar piece
in there when we're putting the concrete
in so that you have a handle because
it's hard to pick up without the handle
well it weighs 75 pounds by itself and
with this cinder block full of concrete
it adds an additional 75 pounds for a
overall weight of a hundred and fifty
pounds this is plenty heavy enough for
the toughest of gravel driveways